my name is Dave garl I work for Newmark
corporation I want to show you today the
new 2014 Montano le everything on your
diesel pushers for 2014 from the Ventana
le all the way up will have the comfort
drive steering system on the Ventana le
this year we're gonna have two exterior
colors and also again this is on a
Freightliner chassis so you got the best
of both worlds there we got a lot more
graphics in the paint this year you
gives you more of a Highland look and
remember this is our our entry-level
diesel here and it gives you a nice look
the nice appearance you got still the
full paint exterior and all your clear
coat so it gives you a nice finish and
the BSF paint also on there all of our
slide outs have the flush mount so when
these go in these are flush against here
just like you shut your car door a lot
of companies when they when their slide
outs run in the lip hangs on the outside
of this so that's a very important thing
so in this slide outs in you're
definitely going to see our nice tight
seal on there
this also has all the site hinged doors
here for your baggage doors and you go
right on along here and open these up so
you got good access to your storage and
course to your powerline in here this is
all your electrical compartment for the
outside and then you move right on ahead
and you get right into your to your
plumbing compartments here and this has
the whole house water filter all your
city water hookup here and all your
drains and everything here and you can
also winterize it from here yourself
also dual fuel fills on both sides come
on around the front here you got another
all your electronics for your chassis or
in this compartment here and this also
is dry and easy accessible when you're
out on the road if you ever have any
issues there again we're going to have
seven models of the Le this year this is
a 38 50 model and I'd like to take you
inside and show you some of the nice
stuff we're doing on the inside for
2014-15 come on in we'll take a look at
it here
okay I'd like to show you a couple other
the new features on the 2014 Ventana LED
this is a new thing we come up with so
the passenger and driver have a lot
better view out the door when they're
not using the screen door this actually
comes on up and dis locks into position
here so when you're in when you're using
as a screen door you gives you good
protection against the bugs and stuff
otherwise you got a nice view when this
comes on down you have a nice view on
out your passenger side window there
also again new this is the empire maple
this is a dark wood here we're gonna go
with this year and we also have two
other woods to choose from this is the
standard wood the lightest one we have
this is a new one for the 2014 this is
the bisque
I'm also this Fianna maple and you also
have the one like we're in right now
which would be the empire maple all new
for the four teams last year we only had
the two this year we have three wood
choices another new thing we're going
with we built in all our air conditioner
ducts and this is all standard in the
new 2014 le again you can see here all
how these ceiling treatment squall we
through the unit and all the way into
the bedroom area also new backsplash
this year deck of a backsplash a little
more toe kick area here so you got a
little more cabinet design in there in
your unit come on back into the hallway
here instead of the door swinging all
the way out in the hallway pivots here
in the middle so easy access into your
bathroom easy access power okay so once
again that's all the thing we actually
have a patent on their new bar and it's
all new for 2014 Matata
again a lot better access if you look in
here we got a lot more delighting the
resets all that stuff has changed from
last year you're out here one pin recent
resets you have your decorative lights
now so a lot more design throughout the
whole unit here even some paintings and
stuff in here gives you a lot more look
for the 2014 this is your king-sized bed
here for some new headboard and you can
get a good look at that behind me here
this actually has an option for the
washer/dryer which is already in here
and you can see here very accessible you
get at when you're using it I don't when
you're not using it it looks just like
your closet when you go ahead and close
it on up there again lots of storage
underneath your bed and you can see here
lots of storage very accessible and very
easy to put up and down big wardrobe
here in the back so lots of room in this
38 foot event on Ellie
again real nice appearance in here we
use a lighter wood in all the cabinets
to give you a nice light look when
you're getting into your into your
wardrobes and closet areas there another
nice thing at Newmark is we don't
sacrifice this because this is a one of
our entry-level piece of products we
still use the same construction the 16
inch on center in the side walls roof
and in the floor also
furniture wise - this is all Flexsteel
furniture all your sofas and all your
driver and passenger seats are all
Flexsteel in here we don't want to
sacrifice quality just because it's an
entry-level unit for us they're a couple
more nice additions to the 2014 le nice
slide-out fascia you see here the
decorative look into it also the crown
molding up at the ceiling love
and that's on both sides of our unit
here so it gives you a nice appearance a
nice soft appearance with this type of
trim here if you want to get more
information stop and see your new more
dealer or contact us here Newmar and
we'd be glad to help you out there
thank you very much